To install Knytt Stories Plus follow these steps:

1.) Backup your existing Knytt Stories folder just in case.

2.) Merge the Knytt Stories folder here with your existing Knytt Stories folder. One way this can be done is by copying the contents of this Knytt Stories folder and pasting them in your existing Knytt Stories folder. There may be a confirmation message asking if you want to merge the folders. Affirm it.

Important! All terms of use of the original Knytt Stories are extended to Knytt Stories Plus.

Q) How do I use the new features?
A) Please refer to the demonstration level, "Features Demonstration (egomassive)." The install file can be found where you downloaded the mod.

Q) How do I make a level for this mod?
A 1) Get the Level Editor Plus from the same place you got KS+. Place it in your Knytt Stories folder.
A 2) If you want to use the original editor, then rename "Knytt Stories.exe" to something else. Then rename "Knytt Stories Plus.exe" to "Knytt Stories.exe".
A 3) If you wan to use Looki's Level Editor mod, then open the EditorSettings.temp file in the Worlds folder with a text editor. Under "[Looki]" change the executable line to read "Executable=Knytt Stories Plus.exe"

Q) Will older levels work in this mod?
A) Old levels should work in this mod exactly as they would in Knytt Stories 1.2.1, the last version created by Nifflas. There are some minor bug fixes which are so minor most people aren't aware the bugs exist, so you may not notice the change. These fixes include facing for the purple spider, 2 of the ghost people, and a parrot, music missing after cutscenes, diagonal warping errors, sticking umbrellas, and CO memory leakage. If you notice any differences that hinder the playability of older levels, please notify egomassive on the Nifflas support forum.

Q) Why don't levels I haven't played appear as "new" in the level selection menu?
A) Levels must be installed with the mod to be marked as "new". Also, levels installed with the mod must be played with the mod to be considered old.

Q) How do I make my own images for the player character?
A) Follow the instructions in the "KS+ Instructions.txt" file for Custom Characters.

Q) How do I make my own images for the standard objects?
A) Follow the instructions in the "KS+ Instructions.txt" file for Override Custom Objects.

Q) The object I want to override isn't listed in the "KS+ Instructions.txt" file.
A) Some objects won't be implemented because either it makes little sense to do so --invisible objects for example, or there are technical limitations --ghost objects for example.

Q) The object I want to override doesn't have a template in the Template folder.
A) Some objects have similar shapes and animations to other objects. In these cases one template serves for all. In most cases though the template simply hasn't been made. The shape of the override custom object is only truly important for objects that hurt on touch, so you may not need a template for the object you want to create.

Q) Can I use the template images for a non-Knytt Stories project?
A) No! All original Knytt Stories content may only be used in Knytt Stories games.

Q) How do I map keys or change the controls?
A) Use the "Set Controls" button in the main menu.

Q) Are there any hidden features not described in the the KS+ Instruction text?
A) Yes. When testing from the editor, push 3 at anytime to view the collision mask. The game may freeze for a long time depending on the speed of your computer. Also when testing from the editor, the current screen's coordinates appear with the map. To see the coordinates during normal gameplay press F12. In the editor holding the space bar will show an enlarged view of the current screen with more accurate drawing.

Q) Why isn't the zoom feature working?
A) The game will only allow you to zoom if your screen resolution is large enough to hold the window. Running other programs in fullscreen mode can cause false readings.

Q) HoloFix?
A) As of version 1.3.8 glitches to hologram behavior were fixed. These fixes could make existing levels harder than intended, so they only activate if the new default instruction is present in the World.ini.
